1) BIG LIBRARY, an electronic knowledge hub

	

	>>Key ideas: 

	We believe that sharing knowledge has helped mankind evolve and makes the difference between survival and extinction and in this

	project we intend to design and develop an online platform for knowledge-sharing. As intuitive, users can login and read the books 

	for free which they added into their shelf. They can also share their books to the other users on the platform. So what’s new in 

	this?! The functionality doesn’t end here. BIG LIBRARY doesn’t only help you read books that are shared by others or give you the 

	platform to share your books but also help you by recommending books best for your entrance exam preparation, or tells you the news,

	make new friends and chat, and even gives you the platform to write blogs and share your knowledge with the other users. It also 

	analyses your interests and recommend you books according to your interests. You can also sell your old books in hard copy in a 

	similar way like OLX from our site. Buying books and selling books from BIG LIBRARY will ultimately add points to the wallet account 

	each user is provided with. Cool, isn’t it?!

	Please have a look at the full project proposal doc here:

	https://drive.google.com/open?id=0BxiQ_iS9aDcbOFdpOVdoRTVMVlE

	

	

	2) Intelligent ChatBot

	

	>>Key ideas:

	Humans are generally very excited for talking to strangers, whether it is even a robot, or to be precise even a chat robot! We intend to

	develop an intelligent chatbot that can easily become your best friend. Doubt that? This chatbot won't be tired chatting with you whole 

	day. You ask it anything and it will definitely search for an answer and tell you the correct answer. It knows everything, whether it 

	is the temperature in Ontario, Canada right now or some astonishing scientific fact you would want to know about. Ask it the meaning

	of some english words that you don't know and it will tell you. In fact it can do many other things that you will want it to do.

