Week 1 :-

1) In the first class we learned the importance of quality while developing any product or software and how can we satisfy the user.
2) And we also learned how can we made quality software like Pokemon Go.
3) we also learned how can we saw an existing software from User point of view as well as Developer point of view .
4) And i also got idea about what kind of problem we are going to face while developing any software.
5) We also saw the various problem and limitation of Pokemon Go and how the different groups among us came up 
   with their own new and improved ideas.
6) We also learned karno model and classified our own ideas on the basis of Satisfier, Delighters, Dis-satisfier.


Week 2 :-
1) We discussed on various projects on which we have to work in this sem.
2) We also learned how can we over come various problem while developing software.
3) we also discussed the importance of quality in details.
4) We also discussed the different criteria which we have to kept in our mind while developing 
   any software like - Time-factor,Size,color,budget.
   

Week 3:-
1) we got familier with actual meaning of Software Engineering.
2) We also discussed the various scope or different position at which we have to woks as a software engineer.  
3) We also discuss about the problems in software distribution and maintainance.
4) We also work on a problem that what is similarity and de similarity between Software Engineering and Movies Making.

Week 4:-
1) We got familier with life cycle of software and we compare it with human life cycle.In this we mainly discuss about the 
   four main influence factor i.e People, Product, Process and tools.
2) We also discussed about different models for software development: 
   a)Traditional model(plan-driven) :-Traditional methodologies are characterized by a sequential series of steps like 
                                      requirement definition, planning, building, testing and deployment.
                                      And we came to know that Waterflow model and prototyping model and mainly 
                                      derived under traditional model
   
   b)Agile model :- Agile development model is also a type of Incremental model. 
                    In this model Software is developed in incremental, rapid cycles .Because in this model we
                    remove the unwanted steps and increase the production.
                    We also saw an example in which the TOYOTA CAR PRODUCTION COMPANIE became the best car production 
                    companie by using Agile model.
3) We also learned about stakeholders of both Problem world and Solution world 
   and the fundamental requirements of any software.
   
Week 5:-
1) We learnt in detail about  Waterflow Model and compare it with  other models.
2) We also learnt about Prototyping Model :
   -> This prototype is developed based on the currently known requirements.
   -> The basic idea here is that instead of freezing the requirements before a design or coding
      can proceed, a simple prototype is built to understand the requirements.
   -> By using this prototype, the client can get an “actual feel” of the system.And if the client 
      is not satisfy with the system the developer can change or modify it .
3) We also learnt about Evolutionary Model :
   -> This model is based on the idea of rapidly developing an initial software implementation.
   -> And modifying this according to  feedback from different users as a new version release 
      for that software.
4) And also some other model like spiral (in which each cycle of development is completed,
   project is tested and again repeats the cycle) and get to know  how can we use different
   software  development model to developed our software in given time interval or deadline. 
5) And we also came to know that  every project needs to be understood from four
   entities ie. designer,developer, tester and user.
