Q.1) According to discussion devoted to software pricing an  argument against separate pricing
         arrises in which  Separate pricing would widen the gap between __________and
          __________ design.
Ans - Hardware , Software  

Q.2) Who had asked this question " What does software engineering and computing
         engineering have in common with engineering education as it is defined in 
         the United States today, or in Western Europe?" while special discussion devoted to
         software engineering education.
    A) E.W.Dijkstra
    B)David Gries.
    C)A.J.Perlis.
    D) Brian Randell.
    Ans - ( B)

Q.3) Find the arguments which is in the favour of seperate pricing.  
    A) Purchase of software from multiple vendors will create a tower of Babel. At the time of the
         IBM 704, even two competing assemblers caused much dissension. 
    B) There will not be enough decrease in hardware prices to have any noticeable financial
         effect.
     C) Hardware manufacturers have such an advantage in the knowledge of future systems and
          devices, and in the availability of hardware prototypes, that independent software
          producers could not compete.
     D) Systems organisations, which buy hardware, and either buy or produce software in order
          to sell complete systems, would flourish.
Ans -( D )

Q.4) Find the arguments which is not in the favour of seperate pricing.
     A) Users are worried about the service they get from the total system. Separate pricing
           would widen the gap between hardware and software design.
     B)Systems organisations, which buy hardware, and either buy or produce software in order
         to sell complete systems, would flourish. 
     C)From the viewpoint of the hardware manufacturer software is currently a sales aid. Most
         manufacturers are really in the business of selling computer time, not computers, and
         hence have no primary interest in making its computers run faster than the minimum
         speed required to sell them. 
     D)What the user needs is better software — he does not care too much where it comes
        from. The increased competition ensuing from separate pricing would cause an increase in
        quality of software produced 131 by hardware manufacturers as well as increasing the
        number of sources of software available to the user.
Ans -( A)

Q.5) Write any one of two answer's of Dijkstra given to the question "How one can get
         experience  when working in a university"   during a special discussion devoted to software
         engineering education. 
Ans - 1st answer of Dijkstra :
	  If you undertake something at a university it has to be one of your main concerns to
	 organize your activity in such a way that you get exactly the experience you need.
	 This again must be the main concern in the choice of projects.
           2nd answer of Dijkstra :
	(2) We have a Dutch proverb: ‘One learns from experience’, suggesting that it happens
	 automatically. Well, this is a lie. Otherwise everyone would be very, very wise.
	 Consequently in a university with limited resources, from the experience one has got
	 one should try, consciously, to learn as much as possible. 

